ah
yes
and girls favorite technology
dotcom as we promised a
our partner daniel will introduce you
an incredible tablet to carry the
fun until the sides hello friends
dotcom technology class as
are today today I have the
tablet
god piso m 7 this is a very tablet
compact and lightweight and has a large
Snow white design is also very
versatile and fast has a system
operative android habibi and a processor
box chip to 10 and cortex a8 of 1.2 trips
it has a ram memory of 512 megabytes and
a storage of 4gb expandable to 32
gigabytes with a mini sd memory
It has an integrated 3d sensor and a touch
capacitive panel your two cameras have
very good quality and can serve a lot
for server calls by skype for
example your screen has a resolution
w gea of ​​800 x 480 pixels that
difference of resistive screens
It has better sharpness and precision too
you can zoom with your fingers or
simply roxana to change the
page or less this tablet can be very
good for home
travel its size makes it very versatile and
It is very easy to load while
it's still a tablet with very good
size and a great resolution the truth
It's great to watch movies to play
videogames has a hdmi mini entry
integrated and can connect it to a
tele to watch his series or his movies
favorites for example I would put my
32 gigabyte mini SD card and my
favorite movies and would take them to
all sides and if there came to have
a screen a TV within my reach
correct my tablet I can already see the
movies in a lot much more size
game you can also download and install
endless applications like games
organizers video photo editors
office programs and much more the
it's really an amazing tablet and what
has everything and if you still do not have it
they hope they go to technology plaza and
ask for her they will see what's going
to love to learn more about
technology subscribe to our channel and
Enjoy our reviews and what
last we have in technology
I also ask you please do not be
forget to follow us in our networks
social to know everything that happens
in place of dotcom technology and
know the best brands at the best
prices
in the demanding jail to me we
will present some incredible brakes